README.md, before:

# mass-spectrum

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![build status][ci-image]][ci-url]
[![Test coverage][codecov-image]][codecov-url]
[![npm download][download-image]][download-url]

Read different formats and unify the format.

## Installation

`$ npm i mass-spectrum`

## Usage

```js
import MassSpectrum from 'mass-spectrum';

let analysis = MassSpectrum.fromJcamp(jcamp);

let analysis2 = MassSpectrum.fromText(textFile);
```

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/mass-spectrum.svg
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/mass-spectrum
[ci-image]: https://github.com/cheminfo/mass-spectrum/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master
[ci-url]: https://github.com/cheminfo/mass-spectrum/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Node.js+CI%22
[codecov-image]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/cheminfo/mass-spectrum.svg
[codecov-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/cheminfo/mass-spectrum
[download-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/mass-spectrum.svg
[download-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/mass-spectrum

Commit message:

feat: refactor the code to use new syntax and export as native module

README.md, after:

# mass-spectrum

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![build status][ci-image]][ci-url]
[![Test coverage][codecov-image]][codecov-url]
[![npm download][download-image]][download-url]

Helper to visualize and compare mass spectra in SciPeaks.

## Installation

`$ npm i mass-spectrum`

## Usage

```js
import { myModule } from 'mass-spectrum';

const result = myModule(args);
// result is ...
```

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/mass-spectrum.svg
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/mass-spectrum
[ci-image]: https://github.com/cheminfo/mass-spectrum/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg?branch=main
[ci-url]: https://github.com/cheminfo/mass-spectrum/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Node.js+CI%22
[codecov-image]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/cheminfo/mass-spectrum.svg
[codecov-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/cheminfo/mass-spectrum
[download-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/mass-spectrum.svg
[download-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/mass-spectrum
